CC-BY-NC

TheForbiddenNotebook -> TulpamancyManualPages
SECT 01 - Form

Start making a tulpa with personality! Talk to them!
See if they reply!

...Is what everyone says.

I have a form I want them to have. If you have a form in mind,
yu probibly have some issures with it.
(You don't have to have one. A tulpa will make their own
if they need it) (Also note that a tulpa might slightly
change their from to be more what they prefer but they
won't change it completely)

So you think you have a character? Ok. Spin it arround and show me the back.
Show me their arms. Describe their face in great detail. What does the back
of their head look like? (I struggle with this a lot) Ok, so you have all that.
Does its face move? Can its arms move? Does it feel natural?

As you can see its trickey to visualize somthing PERFECTLY.

I want to work on my visualization before I create a tulpa.
Since they are not only creture of empathy (They feel everything
you feel and have acess to all of your memories) but they also
live off of your attention (and die without it) and how do
you pay attention to a tulpa? Narration. And to take it to the
next level, you need what I want, IMPOSITION!!!

Start by creating the front of the character. This is often the
first thing you think of when thinking of a character.
Try to give it a face. I know this is very difficult but
just try. I particularly struggle with the mouth shape.
With my dog, you can't even see it if his mouth is closed.
For most characters, its normally just a streight line
with the teeth added on top of the line and with
dragons, the mouth shape its self is zig-zaggy
and the jaw like *is* the teeth. Wich one do I want?
I dont know! Everyone says that furries say OwO but realisticly,
how would that happen? In 2D you just do a little squiggle but in 3D
it needs to be kinda realistic and their mouth cant even---

Ok, basically, faces are hard. My dude dosn't even have a face.
Today, I've been mainly focusing on joints. I can kinda click and
drag their feet arround and see the rest of the leg move correctly.
This is called inverse kinematics and it is used in animation.
You say where the foot goes, and the computer bends the leg just right
to make it happen. 

My background in 3D animation helps a lot 
