Lets make an internet protocol for aliens cause I'm bored.

Ok, not really for aliens spesifically, but it should be simple to decipher,
like linux DEB packages. Someone with a lot of knowledge in linux
but no knowledge of .DEB files would be able to install a DEB file just
by messing with it.
Its a tarball. Inside it is another tarball you extract to the root folder.
(by root i mean / not /root/) and some metadata.

I want my format to be simple so thaat any technologically advanced society can understand it.
Of course, if you write in a human language, others won't understand but you can send pictures
that everyone understands... kinda. To define a proton you can make a circle with a + in it
but then you have to define what a + even is and...

Well, the point of this is they can decode the image, makeing an image that aliens can even
undertand... well, thats SETI's job.

Lets start defining things.

Transmit things in binary cause computers use binary.

Lets make packets.
I'll base it off of human TCP packets.
TCP stands for 'Transmission Controll Protocol'
Gotta love those 90s developers. So "creative"

Lets check the wikiapibia for info.

16 bits: source port (0-65535)
16 bits: destination port (0-65535)
32 bits: sequence number (0-4294967296)
if SYN flag is set, it is the inital sequence number.
The first blok with data is thi snumber +1
If it isnt set, this is the accumulated number of the first
data byte of this block
32 bits: acknowledgement number (0-4294967296)
If ACK is set, This is the next squence number the sender is expecting.
This acknowledges receving all prier bytes, if any.
4 bits: data ofset - the size of the TCP header in bytes devided by four.
The minimum size is 5 32bit words and the max is 15
3 bits: these are just 0
9 bits: flags
NS ECN-nonce concealment protection (TF is this mean?)
CWR - Congestion window reduced
Send it to spesify you receved a packet that has ECE flag set.
I dont get the point of this.
ECE - ECN echo
if SYN is set, this indecates if the hot is ECN capible
If SYN isnt set, this means a packet with 'Congestion Experienced'
flag set in the header was receved during normal transmission.
This is used for a node to insult another node's internet connection basically.
Like "I was just doing my job and you say I'm slow? Mabee youre slow!"
URG - The urgent pointer is important.
ACK - says that the acknowledgment number is important.
Everything sent after a SYN packet should have this on.
PSH - Asks to push the buffered data to the receving application, whatever that means.
RST - reset
SYN - Synchronize watches!
only the first packet send from each end should have this set.
FIN - bye bye

16 bits: window size
spesifies the size of the "receve window"
wich spesifies the number of "window size units"
that the sender is currently willing to receve.
(So basically, what I'm getting here is "i want this many packets.")
16 bits: Checksum
16 bits: pointer to the last urgent byte in the data.
See URG flag.
0 to 320 bits: "Options" (in groups of 32 bits)
The size of this is determined by the size of the data ofset field.
Options have three fields.
1 byte: Option-Kind
1 byte: Option-Length
(any): Option-data

Here is a list of options.

|Kind|length|Data     |
|0   |X     |X        | End of list
|1   |X     |X        | No operation
|2   |4     |SS       | Maximum segment size


6.02*10^23 mol number
