It is more important to be honest with yourself than to be liked. To be liked,
or for people to at least accept you for who you are, you need confidence and
to have confidence, you must accept yourself. If you're insecure about yourself,
then how will

You can't be liked s you settle for being usefull or in my case low mantience.

[Due to the train of thought crashing, this thesis has been moved to the forbidden notebook.]

This is a consept that effectivly only exists in writing.
Its somthing that everyone wants to buy but no one is selling.
Its one of those things that only rich people can afford,
but unlike flashy cars, the rich only pretend to have it,
as do the poor. It is impossible to obtain, unless you're entitled,
yet everyone pretends to have it, for the better and the worse.
Not having it can cause all sorts of problems with your social
life but its impossible to obtain in the first place!!
What is it?
It is self confidence.

Somthing people say is you can do anything if you act
like you're in the right. Fake it till you make it.
Of cousse I'm alloued to be in here with you guys!
You should be gratfull that I'm here in the first place!

The reason no one ever does this is because they think it sounds
conceded/confided, me included. I often have to go out of my way
to hurt my own self esteem to stop my self from being a karen.

"I made this song and I like it. Wait, is that narsisistic??"
---is somthing I have literally said out loud. Twice.

When I was little, I rejected all belefs that my parents had
and ended up making my own belif system based on how the rules
of the house appeared to function. Of course, I wern't alloued
to know the rules, only break them, but when I did I quickly
noticed a patern.

I claimed that all emotions were a closed system. For some one
to be happy, someone else must suffer twice as much, and this is
true. Its how capitalism works. But there was a problem.
Little kid me thought it worked the other way, if someone
suffers, someone else will benifet. I was obviously wrong,
especially since 'suffering' is purly subjective.

Whenever I would get punished, locked in my room,
had one of my personal things broken, whatever, I
would always say "I hope you're happy" and the answer
was a laugh and a "yes".

When I wanted my parents to be happy, I would have to down play
my sucsesses. This is an actual trama responce called 'fawning'.

I forgive my parents for the trama they have caused. THey wern't doing it to be mean,
they did it cause they literally didn't know anything else, and once I started going to school,
they quickly changed their ways to be more simaler to how they are today, the most laied
back parents ever... untill ten o'clock, then they go completely ferral again and I am still
figuring the details and why exactically but I just thought it was worth mentioning.
Its not like any of you would get it without the context...

and there I go down playing myself again.
