This is the Stellius system.

I hate Faux-netics but I will include them.
((FOX-NET_IKS)) Happy now?? cause I'm not.
I will stand my ground and still keep the IPA version up
cause its more accurate.

Stelliusphere  /stel.li.əs.sfir/ or /stel.li.as.fi.a/ ((STEL-LEE-UUS-SPHERE)) (STEL-LEE-AS-FEEAH))
Simaler to Sol,
The star that everything orbits.
Has solar flairs that frequently hit xirañ.

Xirañ or Xiraŋ /xi.raŋ/ ((HHSHEE-RANG)) ((The /x/ is like the <CH> in <LOCH NESS>))
Simaler to Mercury,
Contains loads of iron,
Hit by solar flares a lot.
Grey. Just all grey. Everything's grey.
Like Mercury, its the boring planet and also the boiling planet.

Mosphere-X86 /mos.fia/ /mos.fia.eks.ei.ti.siks/ OR /mɑs.fir/ /mɑs.fir.eks.ei.ti.sɪks/
((MOHS-FEEAH EKS-AY-TEE-SIX)) ((MAHS.FEERE.EKS.EI.TEE.SIX))
Earth analog. Home of life, hence the name, Moss-Sphere.
The X86 refers to the Intel x86_64 archetecture. Some people call it amd64 but its the same thing.
Has a lot of diverse life.
The original screen play describe Protogens, Synths, Otters, Angel Draggons, 
Puppy-Sharks, Aeromorphs / PlaneDragons, and Australian Huskeys
spesifically, but the author says it can be 'almost anything!'

    Lunes /lu.nes/ (LOO-NESS)
    A moon of Mosphere. Has a team of researchers on it wich is cool.
    Very simaler to Luna IRL.
    
    Mntty /mɪ̆n.ti/ ((MIN-TEE))
    Mntty looks really minty. its spelled mnTTY becasue a TTY is a command line interface.
    Yes, another tech joke. Very simaler to Minmus in KSP.
    Inspired by Matt Lowne's Minmus casino series and Futurama, There is a whole hotel
    and park and stuff. Huge touriest attraction. Since its a moon and easy to get to,
    people try to stop by while on a long trip. Basically, buckies but its a celestial object
    a tenth the size of earth.


Aquerius /ak.uer.i.as/ (AK-WER-E-AS)
Its a water world. Life needs water right? Well, not this water.
The whole planet is water. There is no metal, no stone,
wich means no stone age, no electricity, no internet.
So if inteligent life were to evolve, they won't be able
to BE inteligent cause they don't have metals. Only water.
EVERYTHING IS WATER. Its a very popular tourist spot
for people from outside the Sellius system. There is a massive
man made platform with some buildings on it. The goverment here
is based on anarchy to make it as simple as possible for visitors.
Like most places, the only people that live there permanently are
scientists.

Percius-394 /per.si.əs/ /per.si.əs.θri.naɪn.di.foʊr/
((PER-SEE-US-THREE-NINE-DEE-FOUR))
All politics. Nobody knows if it is radical right or radical center but
its defintly radical somthing cause not only did they choose
to leave Mosphere for somewhere else, but they also declared war on
Mosphere. The only thing here is Protogens that are in the hive mind
and Synths that have been hacked to remove their morals.
This gives technology itself a very bad reputation, and also
gives polotitions a bad reputation because it seems like they got rid of
people that disagree with them. It was later revealed that they chose to
leave and are declaring war. Mosphere has tried to nagociate with them
but nothing happened. Mosphere has tried to send natural life
to get information but they ended up dissapearing wiht out a trace and
synthetic life was cracked and modified to think like them.

Truely the worst scum in this galixy but they are completely unstoppable...
Its  said that everything would be fixed by the year 12700 but now
its the 13030s and nothing has changed...

Percus is the only inhabited planet with no moons. No wonder their so grumpy!

Rok
Its a rock. What? Did you expect somthing interesting?
ITS A ROCK. END OF STORY.

Xavik /xa.vik/ ((HHSHA-VEEK))
To lighten up the mood, heres a bright blue super jupiter,
or as my ix year old cousin abriviates it, a SOOPER JOOPER.
Its a gas giant obviously but some idiot decided to land on it anyway.
Guess where he ended up? Somwhere 'never to be seen again' probibly!
This was part of a folk tale made by the governemnt to stop the Gen-Z
equivolent from literally flying directly into the sun.
Didn't work though. Its still a beutiful place to visit,
just don't send yourself huriling twards it! >:(

        xavik moons
        
        ŋandiu /ŋan.di.u/
        Mosphere but smol. It has water but it is too far away from
        Stellius to have licqud water on its surface so its a mystery.
        Its so far from its star but has the exact same climate as Mosphere.
        HOW??
        
        Feus /fe.us/ but preferibly /feus/ ((FEH-OOS))
        It is mysterious. It gies off strange signals.
        The entire ground is a dark purple but appears irrodecient from space
        and has strange symbols carved in it.
        The caves sometimes emit strange signals. Could it be radioactive??
        
        Feus. The mysterious moon. Do not enter.
        
        Mijiuv /mi.t͡ʃi.uv/ ((MEE-CHEE-OOV))
        Basically the same as Lunes
        
        Jiv
        Jiv is boring. We don't talk about Jiv.
        
        
