I'll try to play adventure in my spare time.
I'll keep a log here.

--------CAIRO--------

Hassan: I've been told that you seek a treasure
and that this treasure is in a forbidden tomb...
Hassan: I have serious question for you.
What is the tomb you seek and why?
Woods: The tomb I seek...
Woods: ...
Woods: Who am I?
[Page 15]
I'm not into the indiana jones stuff but I'll try
just this once. Why not?
Woods: I am Woods Boone.
Hassan: Wood Spoon?
Woods: Uh, no I--- Nevermind.
He, or rather, I, am... lets not do the usuall
22. Lets make him--- no, me, 17 years old. I bet that
will lead to somthing interesting down the road...
Playing as Nazi would be interesting, but not what I'm
going for now. 
[Page 16]
I guess I'm looking for some magic item to help me.
Man, I'm not good at imaginary tresure hunting.
Is this why I can't run DnD correctly?
Anyway...
Occupation. Im, 16, 17 in game...
....
Artist?
Gold, Justice or Immortality?
Heh, FREEDOM!
Human or Ghoul?
I don't have time for any mind games now!
I'm gonna be human!
...wait, this literally is a mind game.
Magic? no. Not for my frist time through.
[Page 17]
Select tomb:
Oh, this one's trickey.
Ok we got, dark lord's power, Haunted riches,
Ansestral History, and Cure to all humanity.
The Cure to Humanity and Dark Lord's Power
seem kinda simaler, just different implications.
I'mma go with the hope for humanity.
(Or lack there of as you will see ;)
[Page 20]
Ah yes, childhood trama becasue there is no bad guy
to stop me.
Page 21 mentions A Particular Frightning Talisman
So I'll go with that. How about a TF ring?
| that haunted you and twisted you, turning you into somthing very unlike
| yourself?
|         And did you destroy this talisman? Or do you carry it with you
| today?
Ok, Its just begging me to do a TF ring.
From reading ahead, I know the childhood trama must be a person or
the pre-made stroy won't work so....
Lets just say someone stole it from me.
Alright. My brain has some story going ^~^
Man, this book is AMAZING for storytelling!
| Back when I was 14 I found an odd shop. I went in and found
| somthing I liked. A golden ring. It gave me a certin feeling
| and I just knew I had to have it. When I stuck my hand through it,
| The hand that came out of it wasn't mine. I liked it better than
| my real hand. I wished I could go all the way thorugh the ring
| but it was too small. I knew it was light blue-ish but sometimes
| it would have very short fur and sometimes it would be metalic.
| I could sort of controll wich one I saw. I tried putting my whole
| arm in but it would get stuck. I got a mirror to look through the ring
| and saw some large struture trying to go through and it wouldn't fit.
| One day, I noticed it was missing. I looked everywhere for it
| and I saw my sister, Mallory (Not very creative name...) was holding it.
| She was going to tell my parents. I quickly swiped it back out of her hand
| but whe I put my hand through it, it acted normally. Nothing special.
| Its magic was gone. I still keep it, just in case it starts working again
| but in the past three years Ive had no luck.
BAM! BACKSTORY!

[Page 22]

Hassan: So tell me, Tell me about this tomb.
[Monologe]
Mike Liner: (I changed the name) I used to have this magic ring
and when I went through it, I became somthing else, somthing awesome. Kinda like a mini portal.
I could only go up to my elbow but still! Anyway, my sister, Mallory stole it
and... I don't know, it just quit working! I still have it today
and it still dosn't work. I'm looking for somthing with magic like it.
Somthing just as awesome!
[Copied from book]
He looks at you sideways, it seems, for a moment, as if he
wonders if he can trust you. If he suspects you are playing a trick or an
elaborate joke on him.
Then he snaps out of it and begins to speak.
Hassan: I do not know the exact location of the place you seek but I can
tell you that it is very dangerous. There is somthing else, but I cannot tell you
here. We must go to the city and I will show you.
--------
Hassan: You are not the only one who seeks tresure and crypts. Theres
another one across the bar. Your compitition is here.
Mike: Tell me who I'm looking at.

Hassan: You might know him. The spanish claim he's a turncoat who joined the nazis. Th nazis
accused him of being a spy for the americans. THe americans say they've never herd of him---
aside from the tycoon Chatsworth Chan who hired him to find his child when the boy was
abducted
This information jogs your memory. you met Ortega one. Somewhere between now and ten years sgo.
Imagine where he was. His swagger. His laugh and the rude dismissive thing you said to him.
You are not seeknig vendeltas--but mabee just mabee seeing Ortega here wil give you a reason to move faster.
To spare not another moment.

Mike: Hey wait, He is the guy who sold me the ring!
Hassan: Ooh, I guess you're ofitially rivals now!

[Page 24]

MIKE LINER
Hassan describes another person but you cant hear.
The troubling childhood memory shows up.
MIKE LINER
Then you see her.
MIKE LINER.
Its Mallory. Why is she here?
You snap out of it.

Hassan: We need to move now. With the antagonist here it means they
have not yet found the Master Mapmaker.
Mike: WHo is he?
Hassan: Well, isn't it obvious?
-----
Mapmaker: Yes yes yesssssss.....
Mapmaker: Yes I was warned of you by the spirits and demons who sit on my sholders while I draw these maps.
Hassan: You have demons and spirits on your sholders while you draw maps??
Hassan: I didnt know that. Should we go find a different map maker?
Mapmaker: I am the best and only one there is. Only I know.
Mapmaker: I have the visions of the dark labrynth and traps that reside in these pyrimids.
Mapmaker: Only I can draw the map you wish.
Hassan: Then give it to us.
Mapmaker: It will cost you somthing
Hassan: Everything has a cost! Just hand it over!

[Page 25 - THE HUNT IS ON]

The map looks a little... lacking...

https://html.scribdassets.com/959kfj8ykg8o1ao1/images/17-659aa902ef.jpg

How strange.
Looks like I have to fill it in.



Lets get some plot points up.

1. Spikes
2. Pits
....
Alright I'm out of ideas.

I searched online and its all crap! Nothing even remotly simaler to Magic Suppliment II
(Pretty sure thats not the title) So I guess I'll just make some d20
table or somthing?

Spikes
A lazer thingy
A draggon that demands gold.
An endless labrynth.
Another draggon, but this one might help you...
The concentric circles.

Mike: Do you have a map of the maze?
Mapmaker: Heh... I think you can figure it out.

[Page 26]

The sand stings your cheeks with each gust

With map in hand, you step before the great pyrimids, ready to forge
a path to riches or ruin.

Do you dare adventure?

GO!

[End of book]

I walk twards the pyrimid.
Its open. I just walk right in.
Spikes. They're not sharp, but they still hurt.
I walk along the sides of the hall where there are no spikes.
I turn the corner and see a lazer. How the heck did they get a lazer in
1940s egypt?? It looks broken though. It looks like it shines through an
icosahedrion. I take it. Looks cool.

Turn the corner again and theres a large pit.
Theres a dragon in the pit and a drawbrige.
I walk back and find Hassan
Hassan: You can't go back.
Mike: But there's a drgon and a bridge and---
Hassan: Alright.
We both walk over to the pit.
Hassan: Looks like the controlls to the bridge are at the draggon.
If you please it, it may lower the bridge.
Mike: How?
Hassan: Well, they like shiny things...
Mike: I got this icosahedron. Its shiny.
Hassan: Ok, throw it!
Mike: but I like it...
Hassan tosses it down to the draggon.
Does the dragon accept it?
25% yes 75% no.
Coin flip!
Heads then tails. Nope!
Hassan: Well, they also like gold.
Mike: I don't have any.
Hassan: didnt you say you carry that gold ring everywhere?
Mike: .....NO NO NO NO NO. ITS MINE!
Hassan: If we survive this place, it will be worth it!
I take the ring out of my pocket and slide my arm through.
Nothing happens.
Mike: Goodbye, friend.
I throw it into the pit.
I watch it spin as it falls.
..
...
.....
.........
The drawbridge falls down with a loud slam and a jump in suprize.
No railings...
I carfully make my way down the bridge.
Dark wooden bridge.
I don't know if this draggon breaths fire or ice but either one
can destry this bridge in a snap. It may be old but
it is suprizingly sturdy. Why would teh dragon dstroy the bridge?
Thats how it gets its gold. destryoing it will be bad for everyone.
I make it ot the other side.
The maze.
This is the maze.
(For reference, 'even flip' is 50/50 chance, 'likely' is 75/25 'unlikely' is 25/75)
Which way though?
(Coin flip.)
Lets go right.
(Is it a dead end? unlikely coin flip.)
(No.)
Another split...
(coin flip.)
Right again.
(Is this correct? unlikly.)
(yes.)
The path curves.
(Do I realize somthing (likely))
(yes.)
Hey wait... I feel like I know the way through here.
(do three coin flips. if all are tails, wrong turn. do I make a wrong turn?)
(no)
I get through the maze and am in the concentric circles.
Large areas of circles. I think I need to go in the middle.
I walk in to the middle hallway.
I keep going.
An it just keeps going.
But at least I see a tresure hect in the middle.
I eventaully make my way all the way over.
This is it.
Its unlocked.
I open it.
A small gold orb.
I know what gold looks like and this isn't it.
Its more simaler to the ring I had than real gold.
Wait...
I grab it.
It can open up.
Inside it is a bright glowing ball of light.
I pick it up carfully. Its extreemly light and
appears to be blue from certin angles.
Now I won't survive unless I make it all the way back out again.
But if the Gold ball was simaler to the gold ring
it will have simaler magic...

I Take  achance and crush the light in my hands and I see
my light blue hand again.
OF course, It spreads to the rest of me.
I see all of me change.
My arms are metalic and bulky... wait... no...
They're kind of like a cartoon dragon's arms.
Same for the rest of me. Kinda like dragonite.
I turn arround to se Hassan but part of me gets caught
on the walls of the small space.
It the same thing that was stopping my arm from going through
the ring. Wings. Not dragon wings, but airplane wings.
I guess I'm an ariplane-dragon... Yeah.
Hassan: Thats amazing! But you know now people are going t otry to steal it form you.
Mike: Yeah, I better get it back to wonderland.
Hassan: You'll come and visit right? Mike.. Liner is it?
Mike: Call me Zipline in this form.
I look up, a heads up display fills my vission.
I jump a high as I can and burst through the roof.

----------------
SHADOWS AND TREASURES #1

I have returned to my wonderland or as the book calles it, your sancuary,
and I find a tresure chest, simaler to the one I had earlier. 
I find blue sparks on my hands and I brush them into the chest.
As they fall in, I change back to human.
I close the treasure chest and put it on the top shelf.
I can't let anyone find this.
I must keep it safe.

----------------
Coming up next: SPACE!!
Pressing the big red button,
Using a 1980s computer named JEFF!
A space ship? Im MY garage?
Is rality a simulation?
Find out more in game 2!!
