[Page 29]
[Page 30]
[Page 31]
[Page 32]

Your garage, right now.
The story starts in your garage. Hmm...
Space ship in the garage! Ok, now were talking.
Crazy that I built this all from the hardware store!
(Who am I exactcally? Same character or a new one?)
It fits in the garage and it only fits one.
Huh, what about my imaginary friend?
(My imaginary friend has become self aware! see the 'tulpamancy'
folder for more!)
Walk arround your garage and conseve your spacship.
Oops, mine's just full of cars.
[Page 33]
| Now, it sourds a little far-fetched--but trust me--it's not. If you
| need an explanation of how you discovered or invented this plans to
| create it, or simply refuse to belive that this story you're in is true, then
| feel free to skip this game and try somthing easier.
| Why don't you skip on down to the library and read one of those
| books where all the stories are planned out for you?
BURN!!

(For character, lets just use Zipline/Phoenix. I know I wanted 'Mike Liner'
earlier, but all my characters are connected, and Zipline (Formerly Zhip-Click)
is Phoenix's alter ego.)

[Page 34]
[Assume all dialouge untill you see GO! is copied from the book]

Phoenix: Hold on just one minute! I'm not ready to take flight!
Phoenix: I've only just accustomed myelf to this Space Craft and I
Phoenix: barley know the controlls! Besides, I've still got business on Earth!
You fidget at what you think is the door of the Space Craft,
unable to encapsulate yourself within its airtight hull.
Phoenix: Perhaps I need a purpose or or destination to fly twards.

1. Decide what business you have in space.
To meet new people.
2. Relinquishing your Earthy possessions.
I don't have much here except those blue sparks in the tresure chest... And I'm bringing those!
3. Securley fastening yourself inside your Space Ship.
Ok. I'm here.
4. Program a destination in your Navigation Computer.
Uhh, I better figure somthing out.
I found a planet wich seems like it can support life.
Lets go there. It dosn't have a name yet though.
5. Press the GO button.
Phoenix: I should probibly double check some things first.
(This is version 1 of SPACE obviously because there is alien life)
Everything is ready to go.

GO!

I suddenly start flying forward, pulling up on the controll stick as hard as I can.
I start to feel like I'm going up. Then I level off.
Pulling up again, I reach space, then orbit.
I let the computer calculate the best way to get to the planet.
It takes a wile, It is far away.
Eventually it spits out a list of directions.
I just barley miss an astroid.
eventally, I'm out in deep space.I start to drift off to sleep.
BEEEEEP BEEEEEP BEEEEEP
I suddenly jump up. I'm about to land on... a runway?
Is this earth?
I make a rough landing and stop as soon as I can.
I wait. Then ask the computer if the atmosphere is breethable.
It is.
I open the top and I get out.
purple grass. Cool.
Somthing walks up to me.
Arround 4 feet tall, digitigrade legs, large ears, and
a computer screen for a face. Protogens.
I give them a hug and see their tail wag.
A few others have gathered arround me.
I grab the blue sparks out of the space craft.
I don't think they noticed.
I rub my hands together with the sparks making that warm feeling as
it moved up my arms transfuring me.
*Click!* Wings!
They seem a lot more interested in me now.
I look up and hee teh heads up display.
I jump.
I jump a solid six feet.
Then I fall back down.
Then I jump again.
Nothing.
I think they feel bad for me.
They try to explain it to me, but I can't understnd whta they are saying.
They take me to the top of a tower and I find another plane dragon just like me.
They jump off and fly like its nothing.
I do the same, and this time, it works.
They fly near me and hand me somthing.
Its a USB
"Protogen Source Code"
--------------------------------------------------------

SHADOWS AND TREASURES #2

The USB stick is my treasure. Its interesting.
Mabee I'll do somthing with this code later.
