I am the dungeon keeper.
I manage the dungeon.
Keep the prisioners fed and the beasts starved.
(Prisioner and explorer are played by the shadow self)
Keep prisioners, keep beasts, keep tresure, all the usual stuff.
Cold and humid. The torches are nice though, if I can remember to keep them lit.
I am a guard. I guard the prisioners and make sure they can't escape.
Prisioners come and go over the years but Ive just staied here.
What if I'm the prisioner?
We're inside a moutan, I think, I can't remember.
All I know are these walls. I have nothing else to talk about.
I'll tell you about the place.
Hallways. Cells. The usual prision stuff.
...
I overheared my manager complaining about "too many slaves!"
and "not enough food!" but I'm not supposed to pay for the food,
I just deliver it. Also, I've suffered plenty of riots in my time.
"WE WANT OUT!"
"No."
"Well why are we here?"
"Ask the Dungeon Lord"
"But he never visits the dungeon!"
"If you really want to know why you're here, I'll write a letter."

Suddenly, all the prisioners start yelling for answers.

"LET US OUT! We are in here for no good reason!"
No reason? They got a point, if its true.
"FREE THE BEAST!"
Heck no! I am NOT freeing this 'beast'
Actually, Ive never seen the beast. The beast is never there when I go down there at the usual time.
I should go down there.
...
I go to the floor below.
The beast isn't there.
I walk along the hallway next to the large cell, looking for it.
Then I find it.
Its a regular guy.
"What are you in for?"
"Dragon."
"What?"
He does somthing with his hands and turns into an airplane.
Still normal human size, standing on two legs. His eyes were
on what loked like a computer screen but it was hard to tell.
He actually looked kinda cute.
"What does this have to do with being a dragon?"
"Airplane dragon. Not a fire breathing dragon, we just call ourselves
draggons cause its cool, not in this reigon apperantly..."
"You're right about that. No one here did anything wrong so why are we here?"
The prisioners on the other side of the hall suddenly yell
"What are we here for?"
I climb up the stairs to the top floor and dig through a pile of paper.
Thirty days to solve the food problem,
Ten days to solve the food problem,
The prisioners are escaping becasue they don't have any food,
You have thirty days to fix the escaping issue,
Oh, this one has todays date on it.
"Sorry, but the person you're writing to actaully passed two years ago."
So the Dungeon Lord is dead, no wonder this place is falling apart.
I guess everyone is locked up in here for no reason... even me!
---
The next day I "accidently" leave the door to the "beast" open.
He frees everyone on the third floor.
He finds the dungeon key and sends someone go down and free everyone on the fourth floor.
Then he goes and frees everyone on the seccond floor
and before you know it, the entire dungeon is standing in the top floor
waiting to try to escape.
I block the door.
"You can't leave here."
"WHY NOT!?"
"This door... is welded shut!"
TOTAL OUTRAGE!
Somehow, someone bashes open the door
and a blinding light shines through it.

---------
I am walking on the beach. Looks like there wasn't an offitial intermission for this one so I'll make it up myself.
Thats the point, right? I walk up the steps to my odd shaped split house and drop the dungeon key in the chest.
Sure, I didn't physically have it in the story but I need a souvenir and this was all I could think of.
