--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


                             THE FORBIDDEN NOTEBOOK

                                BOOK OF FREEDOMS


2023-01-07 12:24AM

THE FREEDOMS OF SOFTWARE SHOULD BE THE FREEDOMS OF LIFE.

A life of monotony is meaningless, and theres nothing wrong with that, as long
as you choose to live this way. Mabee you're minimalist, mabee  you don't rerally
need much to survive, mabee you just don't care what the outside world is like,
but if a like like this is put apon you agenst your will, somthing needs to be done.

What are the software freedoms?

	0. The freedom to run the program as you wish, for any purpose
	1. the freedom to study how the program works, and change it so it does your
	computing as you wish.
	2. The freedom to redistribute copies so you can help others.
	3. The freedom to distribute copies of your modified versions to others

- Freedom 0's 'as you wish' also includes 'not at all'. I belive this is the core
belif of this movement. (Violated by most Windows Services)
- If software runs some modified versions but not others freedom 1 becomes an empty
promice and we call it a 'Tyrant' (Violated by Windows Secure Boot)
- Freedom 1's ability to edit code also includes the freedom to make the code nothing...
Its the freedom to *completely* delete a program (Violated by ALL Windows Services)

Lets try to apply this to our school.

	0. Fredom to run the program as you wish.
Nope. We have to go to school, but since getting ready for school is the only thing keeping my
sleep intact, I'll just excuse this one.
	1. The freedom to study how the program works.
DONT GET ME STARTED ON THIS ONE. The ability to study the program requires having the program's
source code. What is the 'source code' to the school?

Everyone knows the ground rules, they're set by the district and there are huge consequences
for violating them but these rules are mostly for the schools themselves. The only district wide rule
we need to remember is achedemic dishonesty. What exactically qualifies is up for debate but we all
internally have some vague idea as to what it is.

Lion Lunch is set by the school, If you don't like it, find an essay complaining about US prisions,
write a SAR about it, (You learned that in English, right?) and send it to Z man and see what happens.
Most likely you'll get expelled wich is why we stay scilent.

Consequences for Lion Lunch is detention and saturday school. Notice how nobody is able to
define what either of these mean. Some say detention is when you sit in a room for two hours
and do nothing. Some people say that those who thnk that have watched too much TV and from my own
personal observations, I belive this 'detention' is an intense interrigation wich only lasts
arround twenty minutes. My evidence is in the words of Mrs. Agabin: 'Oh, XXXXX, you're being called down.
Go to the AP's office. Bring your chromebook. *shrugs* probibly skipped a lion lunch,
nothing too important.'

We got the district rules. Set in stone, theres no way to accidently break them.
We know the school rules. The fules are firm but the consequences are vague.
Easy to not notice you had a lion lunch, but arround 25% of the time someone will barge in to your
fourth period class and hand you a long and thin light green slip of paper. I had a lion lunch
once and I was not notified at all. I got no punishment for it. 
(I couldn't 'serve' it because I have a CTE class and eat at advisory. I did the time the week after.)

Theres one set of rules we are missing. Class rules. Every teacher is different and most of them are
unpredictable, or so they seem. Most teachers act in a pattern, always enforcing the same rules in the same way.
The issue is they never tell you what their rules are and in my observations there seems to be a lot of prejudice
in them. (See the incident reports for 2022! Only one of them is saved here but there are plenty more if you
look in the physical notebook!)

This is an obvious issue.

We don't have the freedom to not go to school, but thats ok.
We don't have the freedom to not follow the rules, but thats ok.
We don't have the freedom to know what the rules are. How are we supposed to follow them?
We don't have the freedom to know what the punishments are. So you've ben traumatized? Who did it and how?
I want names, and details.

That is all. Protect yourselves from this hostile enviroment.

Stay with me, no, you don't need to run. Stay with me, My Blood.
