HEY! HEY YOU! MIGRATE THIS WIKI TO NathanNuckels/Creativity!

HEY YOU! ARE YOU NOT ON A CHROMEBOOK? LINUX EVEN? MIGRATE THIS TO Obsidian.md!
ORGANIZE THIS CRAP!

This is the legacy version of the Stellius wiki. It is updated less frequently.
and often inconsistant.


HYPERSPACE.

Hyperspace is a seperate dimention simaler to the nether in minecraft.

In the nether, one block is eight overworld blocks but you can't see the overworld.
When you build a portal, It will show up somewhere "convienent" (Not underwater or
inside solid stone)

In hyperpace, one meter is 32 meters IRL and you can jump in an out wihtout a special
portal, however, you cannot communicate with the real world and it takes a large
effort to avoid collitions. (like appearing in the center of the earth)

This is a bit of simplification. Space isn't scaled, its distorted. 
In universe, everything on the prograde axis is 32 times smaller, while everything lese is normal.
(Prograde is the direction of travel.)

This space distortion is a reference to the theroy of relitivity. A quick example
is at 90% th speed of light, not just time, but space is also distorted.
Going to the earth at 90% the speed of light makes earth literally look flat,
from your POV. At 100% the speed of light, sizes get scaled by 0.
Light crosses the universe instantly because the universe times zero, is zero.
The universe (in the direction of travel) would be infinitly thin.

Sorry I don't have a real example. In carykh's special relitivity series
part 4 (or mabee 3?) he shows how somthing at light speed would 
see the universe as infinitly thin. In some episode of minute physics
(Somthing about detecting muons. with "heavy water") says that muons
at 99% the speed of light sees the earth as flat, spesifically 5-ish cm (mm?)
thick from their perspective... I really don't remember the details I'm just
writing crap that makes sence... :/ I hope to update thi section later...

In the scripts folder, (hyperspace.txt) shows Keldies mentioning hyperspace brefly,
then explaining it in detail to TEKNIQ.
