Build
I want to build
so
so lets go an build!

I take the motherbord
put in the RAM
wait, it can't be next to each other
and now I gotta move it one slot over for the fans...
Time to get the cpu.
AMD Rysen somthing somthing 5800X
Thats pretty good. Nice one, Josh!
I lift the... uh... metal bar thing
dad very very very carfully puts it in the slot.
Theres no resistence and it drops right in.
Dad slowly pushes the betal bar back down
and I recoil at the quiet yet jaring CRUNCH
of the motherboard gripping two thousand
pure gold rods thinner than a human hair.
Dad puts the brackets on.
We spend hours mesing with it
We get the thermal paste
X marks the spot where the thinking happens!!
mash the big metal wavy wafer thin metal strips thing
and bolt it down!
Put the fan on it.
No the other way.
There we go
Dad spends an hour making the cables look nice.
I grab my magnificent mechanical keyboard
and plug it in.
And i think.
PSU! We need the PSU!!
I grab the power supply and
oh boy... this is heavier than it looks.
I connect the cpu power and get the VGA power ready.
I grab the motherboard power.
Tweny four pins
Not flexable at all
about a foot long
and two inches thick!
Man its gonna be hard to make this look nice
you can't bend it!
I jam it in the board
I jam it in some more
and more
and more
and more
and its still not in.
Dad mashes it in and it clicks.
FINALLY!
Anyway, we're done now.
...
.....
..........
TIME TO CRACK OPEN THE MOST EXPENSIVE THING I OWN!!!!!
The Saphire Pulse system, with na AMD Ryzen 9 Radeon 6800 chipset,
a PCIe x16 connector, three fans, an HDMI port and three display ports.
I jam it in
and I jam it in
why isn't it in
Oh, theres this little tab that needs to be opened.
Ok is it in now?
It... uh...
yes... I think....
This thing cost me five hundraid dollars os it better be in!
I plug in the monitor.
and the powr cables.
grab the skrew driver
and jam it between the pins labeled POWER SW
and everything lights up.
I flick through the BIOS and turn all the lights on
yay.
Time to put it in the case.
We spend hours making it look nice and connecting the antenna.
The antenna looks like a shark fin!
Anyway I get Artix linux on it
I get the steam package and the spotify flatpak
I connect to the internet with IWD and log in to steam.
Some games dont nativly support Linux so I force them to use valve proton.
II remember I forgot about the audio cable so I connect it and change the input to use it.
I install NetworkManager, apperantly, steam says there is no wifi unless you have it.
Anyway, I download everything. EVERYTHING.
I specially set the order to do my favorate games first just in case
it fails and only some of them go through.
I feel a chill down my spine.
My mom walks in and so does her anger issues.
yay, more crap for me to put up with...
I keep working, making sure everything is ready.
"You just built it and you're going to run it overnight??"
UHHH YEAH, ITS A COMPUTER. IT NEEDS TO COMPUTE.
She says I'm ungreatfull even though I clearly can't live with out it
and am, by definition, greatfull... And you think that
me being gratefull would be me following YOUR EVRY COMMAND?
THIS IS NOT FUDAL EUROPE THIS IS A RICH IDIOT'S SUBURBAN HOUSE!!!
Can't you just... ya know... RESPECT ME?
BANG!!!
Its 1 AM.
Oh, ok, thats on me. Sorry.
Tomarrow is monday, and a B day at school.
The day with the history teacher with a temper,
The chemistry teacher that writes comody
and the animation teacher that is really
really really
...nice
But very strict. very strict.
I have school tomarrow.
And you know what that means.
I WON'T HAVE **ANY** FREE TIME UNTILL TEN AM ON SATURDAY!!!!
Theres a reason theres a song called 'Saturday'.
A song called 'Saturday' wich is basically three minutes of a mentally unstable dude
just dissing Sunday and saying how Saturday is much happier.
And also friday dosn't really count as the weekend.

POINT IS
I WONT HAVE ANY CONTACT WITH THE OUTSIDE WORLD UNTILL SATURDAY!!
BECASUE OF SCHOOL!!!

Forget 'This too shal pass'
At this point
the only thing thats left
is
'This is gonna take a while'
This too shall not pass.
It never does
its a cycle
of dread
and endlessly waiting for the weekend
to come
and when it does its never enough.

Nothing the system does will ever be enough. There is not enough time.
And nothing I ever do will ever be enough becasue guess what
I DONT GOT NO TIME TO DO THINGS IN THE FIRST PLACE.

Im tired of this crap! I want a personall life like three year olds have!
I want a sence of meaning like fourty year olds have.
I want dignity like sixteen year olds have.
Wait, I AM sixteen.
WHXAAAAAA!
It dosn't work! It just dosn't work! It hasnt worked and it never will work!
It will always fail and be terrible! I don't know what 'it' is but I do know
THAT IT AINT WORKIN!

Man... This really will take a wile.
I write a poem about being on an island with no light at the end of the tunnel
and cry myself to sleep
and mabee when I wake up I will be forgiven.

Heh, probibly not.

Like I said, 'it' aint workin!
