Im Over Out and Burnt Thout
Over through burnt.
Burnt to the bones.
Over worked and--
Uhh...
Oh!! Overworked and Burnt out! Thats what this poem is called!
Sorry, I'm too busy worrying about...
    - Behind schedual on Unity project due to internet outage (Computer Science)
    - Lost a ton of data on how holidays work (Spanish)
    - We need to create a ted talk about whether it is important to belong or not (English)
    - I'm being battered over a slide show about the renesaunce wich I already completed (History)
    - I need to re learn how to convert percents of elements into the exact molecule. (Chemistry}
    - We are starting a new project and I don't know what it is (Animation)
    - I'm not done with the previous project wich is group work (Animation)
    - We only go project to project in Animation with no breaks for regular learning (Animation) (Existentialism)
    - I will probibly get drafted in two years (Existentialism)
    - I probiblly be forgotten soon after I'm gone (Existentialism)
    - I have no perpose and no identity because I literallly have no time to be myself (Existentialism) (Personal)
    - At 18, I will have to participate in capitalism no matter how much I hate it (Existentialism)
    - I need to re install Artix Linux on my ten year old laptop (Personal)
    - I need to use the ten year old laptop for late nights of 3D modeling (Personal)
    - I need to complete my walking on water animation (Personal)
    - I need to run a Paper Spigot Minecraft Server with Geyser and Floodgate installed (Personal)
    - I need to take some sketches and project them onto a sphere to make a planet (Personal)
    - I need to determine where contenents and islands and hotspots and other stuff goes on my planet (Personal)
Yeah. Too busy with all of this to really get anything done, sorry. If you want ot talk to me I will probibly be free
on December 23 and ya know the last day of winter break? The friday before that is the last time I'll be free.
I may or may not be free in the days between those but ON those days I am definitly free. Free as in freedom.

You want me to MAKE MORE TIME? DUDE, THERES ONLY 24 HOURS IN A DAY AND YOZu WANT ME TO MAKE MORE TIME?????

Ok, heres how a day works.

7:30 Wake up
7:45 Breakfest
8:30 Get ready
8:40 Go to school
8:50 At School
9:00 School starts
16:25 School ends (on A day)
16:35 School ends (on B day)
17:00 get home
Homework
18:00 dinner
Homework / Time for projects.
20:30 Shower
21:00 Completely exausted, half dead.
22:00 Get ready for bed
Work on personal projects
00:00 Go to sleep.

Best case scenario, its A day, I have no home work, and I stay up late.
I get 5 hours of work in.
Worse case, I have homework on B day and I don't want to stay up late.
I get ZERO hours of work done.

If there is homework, I loose 1 to 3 hours of work.
If I stay up late, I get 2 to 3 extra hours of work at the cost of not doing well in school.
Sometimes school is more important, sometimes it isn't.

Ya know what I do during these 'working hours'?

I animate my animations. 
I talk to my only friend to see if he can come back to life.
To see if he will appear for ten minutes before he dissapears again.
I talk to my tulpa, Max.
I fix computers. Usually agenst my will.
I need to take data from my secret computer and copy it to my desktop computer.
I need to make sure no one finds out about my secret computer so that I can stay up late working.
I need to draw my characters to bring life to them.
I need to work to find a cure to the sickness that comes with school.
And if you couldn't tell I spend some days just trying to MAKE MORE TIME. Carfully calculating
everything I do and realizing that perhaps not school itself but definitly somthing school related
it causeing all my problems.
I try to put my life in order but the emotional stresses of school KEEP ME IN MY PLACE.
"I scream, you scream, we all scream cause we're terrified; of whats arround the corner;
 We stay in place cause we don't wanna loose our lives! So lets think of somthing better...
  --Forest by Twenty One Pilots (Not on Spotify)

It KEEPS ME IN MY PLACE. IS THIS WHAT YOU WANT?
I never thought I'd have to advocate for the right to privicy, and then I did.
Aand I never thought I would be starting a revolution of students vs teachers
over whether students should alloued to be themselves or nut BUT HERE I ***ING AM *****ES!

WE ALL FALL IN LINE! THIS LINE'S THE ONLY WAY! NO ESCAPE! NO ESCAPE! AAAAA----


There's miles of land infront of us
And we're diying with every step we take
And we're diying with every breath we make
But we fall in line.
A stranger's back is all I see
its only a few feet in front of me.
and I'll look left, and right, sometimes.
But I'll fall in line
No one looks up anymore
cause you might get a raindrop in your eye
and heaven forbid they see you cry
as we fall in line
And about this time of every year
the line will go to the ocean pier
and walk right off into the sea
then we fall asleep.

[Long pause]

As we near the end of land
and our ocean grave are just beond the sand.
I ask myself the question WHY
I FALL IN LINE
Then out of the corner of my eye
I see a spaceship in the sky!
And hear a voice inside my head...
Follow me instead.

Follow me instead.

Follow me~~

Then the wages of war will start
Inside my head with my COUNTERPART.
And the EMOTIONLESS MARCHERS will chant the phrase:
THIS LINE'S THE ONLY WAY!
And then I start down the sand
My eyes are focused on the end of land!
but again the voice inside my head, says
Follow me instead.
Follow me instead.
Follow me~~

FOLLOW ME INSTEAD~!
FOLLOW ME INSTEAD~!
FOLLOW ME INSTEAD~!
FOLLOW ME INSTEAD~!
FOLLOW ME INSTE-AD!

Take me up, seal the door.
I dont wanna march here anymore!
I realize that this line is dead,
so I'll follow you instead.
So then you put me back in my place
So I might start another day
And once again I will be...
In a MARCH TO THE SEA ;(

-------------

Man I really had to get that out of me.
BUT IT DOSNT MKE ME FEEL BETTER DOES IT?
NOOO!

I should write a song like that.

I WANT TO BE MYSELF. NOT IN THE LINE OF EVERYONE ELSE!

RICHARD STALLMAN TO ALL, AND TO ALL A GOOD FREEDOM!
Eh, I tried.

BUT IM NOT HECCIN ALLOUED TO!
