THey say time is money.
OK...? where do I exchange it?
No seriously, Not to be all "capitalism" in here
but if I could pay somebody twenty dollars an hour
to just get out of my way, I totally would.
Thats a living wage even. If your only job was
NOT ruining my day than that could be your only job
in this crappy capitalist economy.

Oops, I think I'm just making an advertisment at this point.

Step right up! Try the challange!
Do YOU think you can do it??
Step right up and try your hand!
Hee how long you can leave me the heck alone!!!

Yeah, this is an ad now...
uhh.... now what.

I have infinite money
and no time.
so how do I exchange it?
No really please let me know
You don't understand how much I NEED this.

Ooh, somebody just bribed my history teacher. gotta go!

Oh, bribery! Thats it!
Wait, arn't wages technically bribery?

I bet theres a poor poerson wiht all tie time in the world the wants money.
Heh, we should team up. I gie the money, they give the freetime!
But whose the lobiest and whose the engineer in the relationship?
I'm the one that needs the free time!

But unfourtunatly I go to high school.
Not only do we get no time outside of school for hobies,
but to add salt to the stab wound, we get LOTS of freetime IN school
for wich we should be doing school stuff like taking notes
BUT WE ARN'T ALLOWUED TO TAKE NOTES CAUSE THIS IS HIGH SCHOOL!!!
...and we need to be "profeciional" and we arn't alloued to be sad sometimes.
School is like capitalism all over again! All they want is work work workand it never ends.
We need to devote our entie lives to make some random person just a little bit happier
And if you show emotions or have needs or anything like that, you're "unprofesional" and "wastfull"
of "company time" and they give help to the wealthy (As and Bs) and neglect the people
that truely need it (Cs and Fs)

Yeah, this is LITERALLY capitalism. This evidently makes me extreemly upset
but its not like I can do anything about it. My quiet quitting is... well... quiet.
Too quiet and I think we need to make it known.

I am once again asking for a human revolution. Humans VS Teachers. Lets start this war.
Oh, and by the way, teachers can join our side if they don't activly try to harm the students.
I can think of arround two that fit the criteria. Mabee we can use them as spies or somthing.
Look, I don't know the difference between a war, a revolution, and a reform but we definitly
need somthing like that. Of course I would love a war on teachers but I'm not going to be the one to start it.
I need some outside help to get this flame lit. So PLEASE help our cause.

May the trans rights be with you,
ALAN "PHOENIX" GREY

Wow, I'm good at this. Mabee I should write the humanitarian manifesto later today!
I am also on a roll with this whole "poetry" thing. Mabee  tis my new calling.
Mabee I should show this to Deserii.
Yeah. I should. Mabee she'll like my island of violence.
Or is it Cave of dispair?
Man I need to work on my titles.

And conclusions.
