INCIDENT REPORT

GOURLEY
FALLICY: False premise fallicy
CLAIM: Mr. Gourley says someone is writting code on company time.
COURTER-CLAIM:
This argument follows the false premice fallicy.

From Wikapedia:

For example, consider this syllogism, which involves a false premise:

If the streets are wet, it has rained recently. (premise)
The streets are wet. (premise)
Therefore it has rained recently. (conclusion)

This argument is logically valid, but quite demonstrably wrong, because its
first premise is false - one could hose down the streets, the local river
could have flooded etc.

The Error is here:

1 (TRUE) Github is a platform for coding
2 (FALSE) Github can only be used for coding
3 (TRUE) Code is written by typing.
4 (FALSE) Typing is only used for coding
5 (FALSE) Since the person was typing, and had Github open they must be coding.
6 (TRUE) I did not tell them to code
7 (FALSE) They are sub-human for not following my exact orders.

almost all of these are false premice fallicies
and the last one goes agenst the no discrimination rule.

Although it was probibly just "You re typing on a computer, therefore, f*** you"
Even if they tried to think about it logically, it still results in a fallicy.
I will now describe in detail why the statemnets are true and false.
You know waht they say in court, prove it BEOND a reasonble doubt!!

1. Github is a platform for coding.

This statement is TRUE.

Git is used to manage sourcce code to many packages and
it is often published to Github so that others can comment on it.

2. Github is only used for coding

This statement is FALSE

Github is used to circumvent cencorship.
See: https://github.com/996icu/996.ICU

I use Github's built in editor becasue it is the only text editor
on my chromebook. I do not use google docs for privicy reasons.
Github is a lot easier to organise than google docs.

3. Code is written by typing is true.
Cdoe is just text.
4. Typing is code.
False. People can type up papers and stuff.

5. Since the person was typing on github, they are coding.
This is false becasue 2 is false. People use Github because
there is no other way to advicate for themselves.

6. This is true.
The "teacher" did not tell us to code.

7. This is false.
It is not possible to do their exact orders.
The "teacher" did not provide enough instrucitons.
The "teacher" told us to choose two out of five parts
and only alloued us to answer ONE spesific section.
Even if you wanted to do that section, you were required
to complete two, wich is not possible.

I have now proven beond a reasonable doubt that
the following statements are false:
"If a student is on Github, they are coding on company time"
"If a student is typing, they are coding on company time"
"If a student is typing in a monospace font, they are coding on company time"

Here are my assumptions about the teacher:

They belive creativity is bad for schools.
They belive we should not attempt to improve the future
They belive that if someone is typing in a monospace font, it is coding.
They belive storytelling should not be alloued.
I belive that they are either discriminating agenst me, programing,
storytelling, or if you're willing to do some mental gymnastics, agenst
trans people. (A lot of trans people are programers. No one knows why...)
but thats a bit of a stretch, even for my tastes.

Love with your heart, but use your head for everything else.
Alan Gray.

BUT I WAS JUST TAKING NOTES!!!
