Have you ever met a teacher who hated the subject they teach?
Most of them do. My geometry teacher hates geometry. "When will we ever use this in life?"
Not the words of a blasphemous teen, but from the teacher her self. She dosn't makes us do
anything we don't have to.

BUT....

Have you ever met a teacher who was agenst the consept of teaching?
Yeah. My history teacher. No questions alloued (for the first sememster) because
if you had questions, you clearly wern't learning enough and should try harder.
(But isn't breaking social norms to ask a question the ultamate form of trying??)

Also my animation teacher. She seems like the type of person to be extreemly helpful
but she isn't alloued to. She can't answer our questions becuase we have to be profesional.
Luckly, its not that big of a deal in that class because I can just google all the answers.
Its not about solving for x. Its about using the value of x to build somthing bigger.

And then theres geometry where solving for x is the name of the game. A game that we arn't alloued to play.
She switched sides. Temperarily. For today at least, she is no better than an emploier,
forcing people to do things without ever explaining how.

Don't solve for x. I don't care WHAT x is. I want to know WHY. WHY is it the way that it is?
How does all of this REALLY work? Digging deeper, Why is simplifing fractions so complicated?
In a computers CPU, it has circetry specially designed to add numbers in nanosecconds.
Literally two to three clock ticks, and depending on the computer, there could be from a million,
up to four billion clock cycles per seccond.
Using this, multiplication should be simalerly easy, microsecconds, I'd assume.
Simplifing fractions require finding prime numbers. millisecconds. Sometimes up to
a quarter of a seccond, and for humans, it takes arround 5 minutes for anything over a hundraid.
Thats a great equation, maam, but I think its useless. Perhaps bits and peices of it would be more important
for life after school. So explain exacticly WHY the equation is what it is. Would you?
Would you help someone asking for it? If someone wanted to know somthing about your favorate thing, would
you tall them? Explain to them? Infodump even?

...

.......

So I'll ask you again. Wouldnt it be odd to have a TEACHER WHO IS AGENST THE CONSEPT OF TEACHING.

...

DO YOU SEE THE PROBLEM???

Someone who hasn't learned the consept of learning, I symphathize.
A teacher agenst teaching? Not really. What are you even doing here?
Not to sound like an old man but if your job sucks mabee you should GO SOMEWHERE ELSE.

