2023-01-08 Sunday 12:59 AM

I just had the strangest nightmare.
Its about going back to school.

Its my animation classroom. The front of the room is arranged like the CTE
but the rest of the room is arranged like the computer lab at my school

Our teacher walked us throguh how to make stuff in 4D, then 5D then 6D
all using some extreemly shadey blender plugin. It wasn't actually 4D, it was just
3D with trippy procedueral materials.

This was kinda fun and interesting. This was not the assignment. This was the bellwork.

The assignment ius to do a 4D-ish animation involving a Pokemon. She put up a list
of Pokemon on the screen and started calling people down in groups of 4 or 5.

Everyone was using fake names for some reason so I guess I'll use my fake name too.

My first choice, Lapras, was taken. Then my seccond choice and my thrid choice untill I was all out of choices.

I was called down last of course.

The name next to Lapras changed from somthing with an R (like 'Robin') to somthing completely
different and mysterious. Started with R and had a bunch of numbers. (like 'RS232746')

First choice got taken.

Seccond choice got taken.

Third choice got taken.

I quickly chose a fourth choice and it got taken too.

Now this 'RS232' guy had taken almost half of all the pokemon.

I tried to get people's atttention. Banging on the teacher's desk, swearing under my braeath,
no reply. no reply.
I make small talk. "That R sumthin sumthin dude really takin half the board right?" No reply.

Its finally my turn to choose. I scrool through the spreadsheet but there is nothing left.
Just pokemon and fake names. The 'R sumthin sumthin' Kid actaully now had his 'name'
next to the ENTIRE TOP HALF of the spreadsheet.

I had to write my fake name next to somthing or I won't be able to do the assignment
but every possable option has already been taken.

I go ahead and write 'Alan Phoenix Gray' next to an empty square. I leave, quite literally,
empty handed.

I return to my desk drenched in a cold sweat with my Lapras model rightfully stolen
from a blocked website (modelsresource).

With self esteem plumiting and middle finger rizing, I open the node editer and
prepare to give someone a seizure.


As my final word of causion to everyone involved,
PLEASE DO NOT JOIN THIS CLASS unless you want an..... 'acurate' job experience...
