This file is part of TheForbiddenNotebook / TheBlasphemousNotebook and TheSusipciousEssay.
If you are republican, democrat, liberal, or closed minded in any, please turn back now
and this file addresses issues with our culture, whether it be culture of the school or
culture of the country.
----------------

Since "this" is based off of capitalism, its no suprize that 'if you're going to do the time,
you might as well do the crime' is basically the way of life. "Convictions" are often
valid. If someone is "convicted" of a "crime" than they probibly actully did it. Of course,
the punishment will be crule and unusuall, (8th ammendment) and that still needs a bit
of reform, but if they belive someone to have done a "crime" than, they usually did it...
at the time of "conviction". Here's the thing, "crimes" such as refusing to conform,
not submitting to your "overlords" and most of all not doing exacticly waht you're told,
can be reversed. You can give in to the oligarchy, you can put back things you stole,
my point is, all the "crimes" in this context are either completely or slightly reversable.
This leads to my main point. If someone is "convicted" of a "crime" then they 100%
definitly did the "crime" but if they undo the "crime" they will still have to serve the time.
Whether this is considered a "wrongfull" "conviction" is up for debate amoung "Them"
(Whoever is currenty in harge of this "school") but, listen closly, if you are innosent,
you get a reduced sentence. Not zero. You still have to do time for your "crime" even if you
didn't actually do it. (Normally two to five days of "serving time" but in law, it is untill
the higher ups are "satisfied" with the punishment, same as if you are guilty.)

I'm not trying to say 'guilty untill proven innicent' is a bad thing, please don't hurt me
over somthing as little as this, I'm just saying it dosn't really work in this context.
Of course, in the universal list of human rights, 'innicent untill proven guilty' is LITERALLY
ONE OF THEM, but so is right to privicy, unreasonable search and seisure, and free speech and
we don't get any of that either so with a track record like that, did you really expect them
to even CONSIDER the fact that a living breething human could possibly be INNOCENT?
Well, no. We don't expect them to treat us like humans with lives outsilde this horrific hell hole,
Sure, we want human rights but we never ask. We know we will never get any of them.

If, in this "society", there is no such thing as an 'innocent man' why would anybody try to be one?
I mean, if you're going to do the time, might as well do the crime eh? Have they even considered
that saying "no one is innocent" would make it so that literally no one is innocent? I mean, if you are clean
and never did anything wrong, not even any of the odd things that they define as "crimes"
you would still be guilty of somthing outragous like standing up when you're not supposed to,
talking in the "wrong" language, whaetver comes to their mind. Ive been convicted of and gotten
in deep trouble for, I kid you not, taking notes in class. Multiple times. On at least five separate occasions.

I bet you understand why I like the CTE so much now. You arn't streight? Totally fine!
You don't know english? We'll make up some strange pidgon* language and hope for the best!
You want to draw what I tell you to draw? Good! You want to not draw waht I tell you to draw?
Still good! Spotify is considered a crime? No its not! You want to write notes? Totally fine!
You don't want to do your tasks like you're a robot with no free will? Thats alright, as long as you
do it eventually!

In class, you follow only the class rukes. Not the school rules, just whatever the teacher says.
But you should know, although they don't apply to the classroom, the school rules are more authoritarian
than most home campuses. You need to sign a waver to leave the room, your movments are tracked constantly
(except in the classroom) and there are guards to enforce the rules. Then again, most home campuses have
these exact same rules in one way or another. Even the whole guards shabang, depending on the time of day.

So all in all, rebel or not, you should know about these, dare I say, crimes agenst humanity. Everyone should
know. Do not expose their inhumane treatment untill the actual revolution starts. Keep these violations
private for now, but I repeat, rebel or not, you definity should know thi for your own safty, or lack there of.

Encrypt your messages, Use cyphers, the latin language, whatever. Keep yourselves together and Stay Alive.

* (A pidgen is a compromise of languages. Gennea Pidgen is a dumbed down version
of engish used to unite the 800+ languages of papa nwe guenna.
and yes. I cant spell why do you ask?)

In memorium of Project Dragconic (Aug 10 - Nov 28)

Alan "Phoenix" Gray
