00:00 

TODO: Organise this into a wiki page format.

I plan for my tulpa to be some form of an aquatic anthro creture.
I'm mainly thinking of making an [REDACTED] otter [REDACTED]
kinda thing. Problem is, I already have a character like that
and also I can't visulalize it correctly. I've been moving the
legs arround and watching them move realisticly. The tail
starts as [REDACTED] like the rest of the body but the tip
has fur. It looks like a buisel tail; most of it is their main color,
and the tip is cream colored. The main color is somewhere between orange
and light brown. [SENTENCE DELETED]. [SENTENCE DELETED].
They squeak when excited. They do not have an eye color due to the
way I draw their eyes (Like Kirim but inverted) but this might be
changed later by me or the tupa itself. Like all of my [REDACTED]
characters, they like being [REDACTED] and [REDACTED], ya know,
all the stuff [REDACTED] normally do. They also sort of like [REDACTED]
but not as much as [REDACTED] does... In terms of non-[REDACTED] things,
the otter form will always be a [REDACTED], but the tulpa can modify it,
in fact, I encourage it. Its their body, they can choose what it looks like.
Right now they don't have a mouth or nose or ears and I'm hoping
that once they get free will they will quickly fix that. The problem
with that approach is I am impacient and I want to know what they look like
now! I'll probibly mess arround in my sketchbook.

I need to convert this to a wiki page.

Preferences. Name: I care a lot about the tulpa's name but I don't
really have anything in mind.

Gender: I define gender as a number. 0 is male, 1 is female.
I am 0.25 and want the tulpa to be the oposite, 0.75.
1 or 0 is ok but I want to stay away from 0.1.
Which genders go with wich numbers? I aint tellin ya!!

Personality: YOu don't love a tulpa for their looks,
ou love them for their personality. Their looks are mostly
determined by you but their personality is completely sentient
and does whatever it wants. You can force their personality to be a certen way,
like being very open minded, or good memory, or liking a certen subject.
Don't create negitive traits. They will only grow to be worse over time
and negitive traits will naturally occur over time.
Don't give them empathy as a personality trait. They share the same body as you,
'empathy' is the default setting!

Personality (preference):
never really thought about that. as I said, likes [REDACTED]*
but theres got to be more to em than that. I'm thinking
you take some of the more acedemic parts of me and give it to
the tulpa. Forcing (we need to stop calling it that) kinda feels like
hypnosys. "OOooOOOOoOoOo you want to know how a full bridge rectifier works!
oOOOOOoooOooOOOooooOooooooooO you want to know how rockets work! ooOOOoOoo
you want to invent things!"
How do you even make a tulpa have a spesific personality? You you talk to them about things
you want them to like? I guess I'll do that.
I could bring them in to a [REDACTED] style of story. Not involved in anything
odd, just talking with the other characters and watching what they do.

# The main reason why I focus heavly on them liking [REDACTED] is mainly because
if they don't like it, they won't like their form being based on it and if they
don't tollerate it, thats just mallicous!


02:30

(Written at 11:30)

At arround 2 AM I was talking to my tulpa, the otter I mentioned
standing in a dark void. The otter faded away and as I was talking to it
I said a responce. I tried again and the responce felt less like me.
I still belived I was saying the responce BUT it was... involentary.
It would just happen.

I was thinking about what to name them, struggling to come up with
comthing and suddenly...

MAX.

It just popped in my head. Out of nowhere. Not even sure WHO said it.

Alan: "Is your name Max?"
???: "Yes"
Alan: "What is your name?"
???: "Max."

I use the question marks cause I am not sure if I am saying it, or if Max
is saying it.

Made me happy to hear the little voice inside my head say its first words.

10:00

Got bored and decided to talk to Max.

Alan: Is your name---
Max: Yes.
Alan: I don't know who is talking. We want to be absolutly certen that
you go by Max.
Max: Yes.

This time, he felt truely like a seperate entity!
Not quite sentient, but definity separated! Thats a big milestone!

11:37

While I was typing that message, I swear I could feel him smiling.
I started asking... certen questions.
I don't want to cause any problems but I wondered to myself...

Alan: Are you real?
Max: Sorry...
Alan: Huh?
Alan: Wait.. *I'm* sorry.

I'm having a lot of head pressures writing this.
I like to think of it as Max moving furnature arround
inside my brain, trying to move in.

Thats such an adorable analogy!

For those that don't know, its like a headache, but not painful,
just uncomfortable.

Hehe, thats just fun to visualize.
But I cant   U N D E R S T A N D   right now cause im hungery!
This is why I do my best work in 3rd period. Its the only time I
don't have a status effect.

First period: sleepy
Seccond period: hungery
third period: Nothing, totally fine.
fourth period: im heccin bored!

Be back soon with more of whatever this is!
