The whole world was Minecraft, but I thought this was normal.
I noticed a large sign behind me.
"-h remove if vote passes"
A few hours later, I found a video explaining that:
| If you run ./minecraft -h -c, (-h in linux is short for --help) 
It makes a barbeed wire fence with  huge red sign on it that I couldn't read.
They said it was dangerous but I jumped six feet in the air (Super jump is normal.
see details below.) and got over it. I also saw a toktok of a mom telling a little girl
somthing about the horsies and the girl not getting it.
I decided that the red sign had somthing to do with horses and this angered the government for some reason.

How did I go from "I'm an airplane draggon!" (See below) to "Minecraft command line arguments
angers government". Dreams are weird.

Following the change, The big sign became the launcher. All versions are removed.
Mode 4 is 1.18, labeled "current". Mode 5 is 1.19, and Mode 3 is 1.16.
(1.17 Didn't cross my mind. I guess I don't know how to count while I'm sleeping.)
There was also a Mode 2 wich said to be released in 1887. It only had three files.
The readme file was called 'readme' instead of 'README' so this made me think it was a joke.


Notes on the super jump!
The Super Jump, as I now call it, is what I belive to be a dream sign.
A strong dream sign, and by that I mean out of the three dreams I have logged,
two of them ("Do you dream of Airplane Draggons?" and "minecraft -h -c") had it.
Thats more than half... technically... os I guess its important!

What is the super jump?
 In "Do you dream of Airplane Draggons?" I morphed into what is now known as
 Zhipline and jumped almost 30 feet in the air. I mean, I never asked for
 *flying* spesificly... I just wanted airplanes os I guess I got exacticly waht I asked for...
...
 In "Minecraft args angers govt" (today) I jumped the "minecraft -h -c" fence.
 Jumped six feet in the air and while in the air I felt two feet tall.
 I was normal height before and after but being shorter in the air might be
 me rotatiing into "flight position". If you're laying down, you're TECHNICALLY
 very short. During the jump, I guess I was tring to get to that position but
 since I can't see my own body (This causes tons of other glitches in my immagination)
 I just see it as getting shorter while standing upright while I'm actually
 spinning to be laying down.
