What songs go with my characters?

Kelides

I belive the song Fortified Walls is me acknowledging that there is a barrier
arround me keeping me isolated. Whether that barier is social anxiety or the school system,
the barrier keeps me isolated and it has its pros and cons. "Evil can't get near; but I'm trapped in here!"
Invisioning the music video for it, it heavily focuses on Kelides, a cast-soul being trapped in a castle.
See what I did there? Also, part of his character design, he is hiding his LITERALL TRUE COLORS
wich ties in well with "I ain't a Ledgend" (A currently unreleased song)
He also fits "The Outside" well becasue he is breaking the standard and being different
and also "Goodbye Ordinary-ish People" becasue he belives himself to be a worthless nobody.
Although he has saved his city several times, no one knew there was any danger in the first place.
Also, he isn't waterproof and he REALLY dosn't like that.

Oh, and In terms of songs he listens to, he would listn to "I ain't a Ledgend" as his feel good song.
Ironic...

TEKINQ

Although I personally havn't written a song for TEKNIQ, well, WOnderland might count but TEKNIQ
definitly fits with "Mulberry Street" or "Way Less Sad" or even "The Outside" if you really think about it.
He is happy-go-luckey and Kelides is bored-stop-tragic.

I don't know what music he would like. He would probibly prefer AJR to Twenty One Pilots
becasue he is optemistic about the future.

An unrelated yet interesting fact, On the character sheet it mentions that he is anti-capitalism (like kelides)
but this is technincally not true becasue he dosn't even know what capitalism is. He a sheltered boi.

Ax31

Axel is not a main character, They arn't even in STARBASE. He was added to the [REDACTED] role play server
to add some variety. I mean, fifteen pokemon are great but, they are all pokemon, lets try somthing different!

I don't know Axel well enough to say his likes and dislikes.

Hmm... Axel..lot....Axolotol! Mabee he likes axolotols. I'm spelling that wrong arnt I? I don't speak anglo-spanish I'm just guessing.


KEN (x67)

Ken would listen to Neon Gravestones an completely ignore the lyrics. Just enjoy the harmony.
Mabee also Minecraft OST. Idk they have the same vibe. He also lives underwater so thats a factor

WILL / LLIAM (x68)

Is it Will or Lliam? Who knows! He dosn't really care about music as long as somthing is playing.

GLORUS / GLORIA (x69)

Not sure...

MARSH / ROCKET (x70)

Everyday Astronaut OST.
What? He likes Rockets!!
