Name: Kelides; Clyde
English Name: COMMANDER KELIDES
Hypervisor Name: COM.MAN.TER KEL.LI.TES
Race: Protogen
Magic: Fire + Ice
Status: Dead AND Alive (See HISTORY for details)
Secret: His magic
Favorate Song: "I ain't a Ledgend" by Phoenix (Nathan)
Quote: "Don't trust him hes an optimest!"

Kelides is full of complex metaphors. Theres a whole section
on that!

PHYSICALL APPERANCE

A Protogen with orange eyes in his visor. He covers his neck
floof with a orange and cyan scarf. The end of the scarf is fraied
and the scarf will zig-zag-zug arround to match his emotions.
His body is a bright gradient from cyan to a deep purple.
He covers it with a gray hoodie with a balck horizantal stripe.
He never puts the hoodie all the way on, letting some of his true
colors show, but he will wrap himself up in it when he wants to hide
from someone, or hide from himself. He has jet black plantigrade
legs and his feet have a green stripe. He basically has rocket boots,
but without the "boots" part. His arms are black with a glowing
stripe in the middle. The length of the stripe is his battery level.
One of his arms has a cyan stripe and one has an orange stripe.
His forearms are a gradient from dark grey to white at his claws and
his claws are dark purple and sometimes glow. 

PERSONALITY

//TODO

HISTORY?

"No one knows what caused his death, but we do know
that he is still arround today"

Kelides is less of a Protogen and more of a zombie Synth.
He is dead and alive, as they say. He is fully electronic/artifical,
unlike TEKNIQ wich is about half and half.

RAGE

1.
His claws glow, and his back ears hide behind his front ears.
Sometimes, his visor flickers.
This can be caused by pretty much anything but if he is pacing
arround, its probibly rage.

2.
His ears twitch. On his legs, you can see, some silvery lines.
These are his tendons being overloaded. They glow silver when hot.

3.
His ears and the end of his scarf are on fire.
He is either running quickly or pacing menicingly.
His visor is flashing quickly between orange and blue.
This is only seen in the music vdeos but as the author, I say its cannon.

OTHER FORMS

In the Jumpsuit msic video recreation, he was holding a torch and 
his hoodie was dark green
with yellow duct tape to immatate Tyler.
In the No Chances music video, he had a komono.

METAPHORS AND HIDDEN MESSAGES

Kelides covers his literal true colors. Although Kelides dosn't need to
hide them, It serves as a hint to the audience that the otehr characters
might be hiding somthing too. This also is a nod to the author wich sometimes
goes out of his way to cover up the most meaningless things either out of
fear or just for the thrill

When Kelides has his arms to his sides, it makes the asexual pride flag.
Black from his upper arm, light and dark grey from his fore arm, and
purple from his claws. 

During his rage, he will sometimes stand with his arms out, slightly curving up.
This is a reference to the Twenty One Pilots logo, spesifically the pose
Tyler makes during the intro to No Chances suring the ICY Tour.

OTHER NOTES

He sometimes will go into the first stage of rage for no particular reason.

To mirror the author, he is always exausted, unless he is in the seccond
stage of rage.

If he is REALLY tired, He will og in to the first stage of rage but instead of anger,
he mostly acts drunk. I do this too when I forget to eat breakfest.

He can't sit in a chair correctly. This was orignally a joke about bi people,
then gey people, but now-a-days the meme refers to the entire LGBTQ.
Note form the author: Have you ever sat in a chair sideways? If it has arm
rests, you can kinda lay down. Why are we like this...

Certen slice-of-life stories of him were actually inspired by friends of
mine.

